# How-computers-learn-to-recognise-objects-instantly.-

In regards to travel and tourism this software could be used in customs to spot unwanted items on people and identifyu exactly what is going onto the plane or search for people that are possibly on the no flight list or justidentify wanted criminals. However it can only identify things within its line of sight or items that are within it's database: it will fail to identify a new threat (something that has never been used before). It could also be used by tourists to identify foreign objects or events and areas that tourists do not know about.
Secondly, for gaming and entertainement it could be used to map the and identify what positions people are in to create a gaming enviroment where the game reads your motions and transmits them into the game and your character or avatar. Thus creating something like the OASIS from Ready Player One. 
Thirdly, similarly to it's use in tourism it could be used to identify objects and give facts about them to help with educatio or allwo students to scan something and bring up information and topics fo discustion for that object. 
Also, I think that it could be very useful for identify your surroundings when flying an aicraft whether that be a helicopter or a plane and warning you at incoming projectiles or obstructions in you path way before the average person could notice. Its uses in navigation even in cars could could save lives for example a program could notice an obstruction in the road and steer the car around it saving a gruseome crash.
Finally, in medicine the program could detect tumours in someones body or help to identify physicals health problems easier.
To conclude, the applications for this sort of program seem limitless, however there is always the danger of computer malfunctions that could cause problems for example thinking there is an obstruction in the road when there isn't.
